# Summary: What you learned from Module 2 
This week we learned how passwords work (and attacks against them), different types of social engineering attacks (Phishing, typo squatting, intimidation, hoaxes, etc.), identifying social networking risks and identity theft, how to create a defensive stance, and personal security defenses.
# Artifacts: Screenshots from the lab and a copy/link to your Case Project.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/19dvnL5NkfYkmTfvD7llivZezPxwO8x_l4drjJvxLgH4/edit?usp=sharing

# Reflection: A personal cyber risk that I have encountered is something known commonly as a phishing scam. I had fake job offer emails being sent to me with messages asking me for my personal information for a “new job opening”. I obviously ignore these types of emails and messages, but for some people, it can be very hard to tell the difference. It is risky because they are trying to get me to click on a link and are requesting personal data. Phishing is a common social engineering attack used to trick the target into taking action (such as clicking a link in an email disguised as an employer or subscription service), and it is highly effective! Over 100,000 Americans fall victim to these types of scams each year. I would handle it differently by filtering my emails and messages to prevent attackers from threatening me and attempting to steal my data. I will also keep in mind that AI is being used (like realistic voices, realistic photos, and human-sounding messages) to make more and more realistic accounts and messages that attempt to deceive people into thinking they are talking to someone they know. Just like how scams evolve to become harder and harder for people to identify and prevent them, we can learn to avoid them altogether and protect ourselves online. Cyber risks are becoming more and more prevalent and more dangerous as technology evolves, and one thing we can do is become more defensive and secure our personal information.

# AI Use Note: If AI tools were used, describe how.
Grammarly for spellcheck.
